readme.md, before:

## Exercise Directory

### AWS Compute Services
1. [AWS EC2 - Create and Use an EC2 Instance Profile](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-instance-profile/ec2-instance-profile.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Associate Elastic IP Address with an Instance](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-elastic-ip-01/ec2-elastic-ip.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Working with Instance Connect Endpoint](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-instance-connect-endpoint-01/ec2-instance-connect-endpoint.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Create a Classic Bastion Host Setup](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-classic-bastion-host-setup-01/ec2-classic-bastion-host-setup.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Attaching Multiple ENI to an EC2](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-multiple-eni-01/ec2-multiple-eni.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Automate with User Data Script and Cloud Init](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-user-data-script-01/ec2-user-data-script.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Creating a Custom AMI](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-custom-ami-01/ec2-custom-ami-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Automate AMI creation with EC2 Image Builder](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-image-builder-01/ec2-image-builder-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Port-forward RDS Database through SSM](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-port-forwarding-with-ssm-01/ec2-port-forwarding-with-ssm.md)

### AWS Storage Services
1. [AWS S3 - (pseudo) mount S3 to EC2](./exercise/aws-storage/s3-mount-point-01/s3-mount-point-01.md)
1. [AWS S3 - S3 Delete Objects from versioned enabled Bucket](./exercise/aws-storage/s3-delete-versioned-objects-01/s3-delete-versioned-objects-01.md)
1. [AWS S3 - Establish Cross Account Access](./exercise/aws-storage/s3-cross-account-access-01/s3-cross-account-access-01.md)
1. [AWS S3 - Lifecycle Policy - Delete Objects Automatically After 90 Days](./exercise/aws-storage/s3-delete-versioned-objects-01/s3-delete-versioned-objects-01.md)
1. [AWS EFS - Mount EFS from a Different VPC (same Region)](./exercise/aws-storage/efs-mount-from-different-vpc-01/efs-mount-from-different-vpc-01.md)
1. [AWS EFS - Secure AWS EFS Filesystems](./exercise/aws-storage/efs-security-in-depth-01/efs-security-in-depth-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 EBS - Encrypt unencrypted Volumes of EC2 Instance](./exercise/aws-storage/ebs-encrypt-volumes-01/ebs-encrypt-volumes-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 EBS - Enforce EBS Volume Encryption on EC2 Instance Creation and on Volume Creation](./exercise/aws-storage/ebs-enforce-encryption-01/ebs-enforce-encryption-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 EBS - Enable Default Encryption in the Region](./exercise/aws-storage/ebs-enable-default-encryption-01/ebs-enable-default-encryption-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 EBS - Increase the storage size of an EBS Volume (root volume)](./exercise/aws-storage/ebs-increase-volume-size-01/ebs-increase-volume-size-01.md)

### AWS Networking
1. [AWS VPC - Create a Fully Featured VPC (step-by-step)](./exercise/aws-networking/vpc-step-by-step-01/vpc-step-by-step.md)
1. [AWS VPC - Transit Gateway - Establish centralized outbound routing to the Internet](./exercise/aws-networking/transit-gateway-outbound-01/transit-gateway-outbound-01.md)
1. [AWS Client VPN - Setting Up Client VPN with Mutual Authentication](./exercise/aws-networking/client-vpn-01/client-vpn-01.md)
1. [AWS VPC - Peer VPC Inner and Cross Region](./exercise/aws-networking/vpc-peering-01/vpc-peering-01.md)
1. [AWS VPC - Enable VPC Flow Logs and Publish to CloudWatch](./exercise/aws-networking/vpc-flow-log-01/vpc-flow-log-01.md)

### AWS Databases
1. [AWS RDS - Use Encryption in Transit (PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-postgres-encryption-in-transit/rds-postgres-encryption-in-transit.md)
1. [AWS RDS - Use IAM Authentication (PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-postgres-iam-authentication-01/rds-postgres-iam-authentication-01.md)
1. [AWS RDS - Modifying Instance Type (with near to Zero Downtime)(PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-modify-instance-type-and-storage-size-01/rds-modify-instance-type-and-storage-size-01.md)
1. [AWS RDS - Encrypt unencrypted RDS Instance (PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-encrypt-unencrypted-database-instance-01/rds-encrypt-unencrypted-database-instance-01.md)
1. [AWS RDS - Working with Parameter Groups (PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-working-with-parameter-groups-01/rds-working-with-parameter-groups-01.md)
1. [AWS RDS - PostgreSQL - Logging and Audit with pgaudit extension and CloudWatch](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-postgres-logs-pgaudit-01/rds-postgres-logs-pgaudit-01.md)

### AWS Backup Services
1. [AWS Backup - RDS Cross Region Backup with PITR](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-rds-cross-region-backup-01/backup-rds-cross-region-backup-01.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Create a crash-consistent backup from AWS EC2 with multiple Volumes attached](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-ec2-multi-volume-crash-consistent-backups/backup-ec2-multi-volume-crash-consistent-backups.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Backup S3 objects cross region with replication](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-s3-cross-region-replication-01/backup-s3-cross-region-replication-01.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Backup EFS Cross Region using Replication](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-efs-cross-region-replication-01/backup-efs-cross-region-replication-01.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Backup EC2 Cross Region with AWS Backup](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-ec2-cross-region-copy-01/backup-ec2-cross-region-copy.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Schedule backups and use Backup Plans](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-scheduled-backups-backup-plans-01/backup-scheduled-backups-backup-plans.md)

### AWS Container Services
1. [AWS ECR - Create a Private Repository](./exercise/aws-containers/ecr-create-private-repository-01/ecr-create-private-repository-01.md)
1. [AWS ECR - Apply Image Scanning and Enable Scan on Push](./exercise/aws-containers/ecr-image-scanning-scan-on-push-01/ecr-image-scanning-scan-on-push-01.md)
1. [AWS ECR - Set up Pull Through Cache](./exercise/aws-containers/ecr-pull-through-cache-01/ecr-pull-through-cache-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - Set up Private Registry Authentication for Tasks](./exercise/aws-containers/ecs-private-registry-authentication-01/ecs-private-registry-authentication-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - EC2 Cluster Enable Elastic Network Interface Trunking](./exercise/aws-containers/ecs-enable-trunking-01/ecs-enable-trunking-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - Create a Cluster with the ECS Console Wizard](./exercise/aws-containers/ecs-cluster-autoscaling-capacity-provider-with-wizard-01/ecs-cluster-autoscaling-capacity-provider-with-wizard-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - Create a Cluster from scratch with EC2 Autoscaling Capacity Provider](./exercise/aws-containers/ecs-cluster-autoscaling-capacity-provider-from-scratch-01/ecs-cluster-autoscaling-capacity-provider-from-scratch-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - Create a Fargate Workload](./exercise//aws-containers/ecs-fargate-workload-01/ecs-fargate-workload-01.md)

### AWS Security Services
1. [AWS WAF - Set up IP Whitelisting with WAF](./exercise/aws-security/waf-ip-whitelisting-01/waf-ip-whitelisting-01.md)
1. [AWS IAM - Preventing Privilige Escalation with Permission Boundaries](./exercise/aws-security/iam-permission-boundaries-01/iam-permission-boundaries-01.md)
1. [AWS Inspector - Scanning EC2 Images for vulnerability detection](./exercise/aws-security/inspector-scanning-ec2-01/inspector-scanning-ec2-01.md)
1. [AWS VPC Subnet Network Access Control List - For Web Application Serving EC2 Instance](./exercise/aws-security/nacl-for-webapplication-01/nacl-for-webapplication-01.md)
1. [AWS GuardDuty - Single Region and Foundational Data Sources](./exercise/aws-security/guardduty-single-region-foundational-01/guardduty-single-region-foundational-01.md)
1. [AWS GuardDuty - Enable Multi Region Findings (AWS  Security Hub)](./exercise/aws-security/guardduty-multi-region-findings-01/guardduty-multi-region-findings-01.md)
1. [AWS GuardDuty - Enable ECS Fargate Runtime Monitoring](./exercise/aws-security/guardduty-ecs-runtime-monitoring-01/guardduty-ecs-runtime-monitoring-01.md)

### AWS Audit and Compliance Services
1. [AWS CloudTrail - Create Multi Region Trail and Single Region Trail](./exercise/aws-audit/cloudtrail-single-and-multi-region-trails-01/cloudtrail-single-and-multi-region-trails-01.md)
1. [AWS Config - Deploy and Use Conformance Packs](./exercise/aws-audit/config-use-conformance-packs-01/config-use-conformance-packs-01.md)

### AWS Observability
1. [AWS Budgets - Monitor Cloud Spendings](./exercise/aws-observability/budgets-monitoring-spending-01/budgets-monitoring-spending-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Pulbish Metrics and Logs using CloudWatch Agent](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-agent-01/cloudwatch-agent-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Send Alarms to Slack Channel](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-alarms-to-slack-01/cloudwatch-alarms-to-slack-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Create a Composite Alarm](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-composite-alarms-01/cloudwatch-composite-alarms-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Enable and Use Container Insights](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-container-insights-01/cloudwatch-container-insights-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Use Syntetics Monitoring for Website Monitoring](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-syntetics-monitoring-01/cloudwatch-syntetics-monitoring-01.md)

### AWS IaC Services
1. [AWS CloudFormation - Use SAM CLI](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-samcli-01/cloudformation-samcli-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudFormation - Create Nested Stacks](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-nested-stacks-01/cloudformation-nested-stacks-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudFormation Guard - Use cfn-guard CLI](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-cfn-guard-01/cloudformation-cfn-guard-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudFormation - Take Advantage of Deletion Policy attribute](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-deletion-policy-01/cloudformation-deletion-policy-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudFormation - Deploy with Git Sync](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-git-sync-01/cloudformation-git-sync.md)

### AWS Lightsail
1. [AWS Lightsail - Deploy a Web-Application to AWS Lightsail Platform](./exercise/aws-lightsail/aws-lightsail-01/aws-lightsail-01.md)

### AWS Hosting
1. [AWS EC2 - Host Python/Flask Application as a Service - __FOR YOUTUBE__](./exercise/aws-hosting/flask-on-ec2-01/flask-on-ec2-01.md)

Commit message:

AWS AppRunner - Host Python/Flask Application as a Service based on source code in GitHub

readme.md, after:

## Exercise Directory

### AWS Compute Services
1. [AWS EC2 - Create and Use an EC2 Instance Profile](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-instance-profile/ec2-instance-profile.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Associate Elastic IP Address with an Instance](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-elastic-ip-01/ec2-elastic-ip.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Working with Instance Connect Endpoint](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-instance-connect-endpoint-01/ec2-instance-connect-endpoint.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Create a Classic Bastion Host Setup](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-classic-bastion-host-setup-01/ec2-classic-bastion-host-setup.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Attaching Multiple ENI to an EC2](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-multiple-eni-01/ec2-multiple-eni.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Automate with User Data Script and Cloud Init](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-user-data-script-01/ec2-user-data-script.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Creating a Custom AMI](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-custom-ami-01/ec2-custom-ami-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Automate AMI creation with EC2 Image Builder](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-image-builder-01/ec2-image-builder-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 - Port-forward RDS Database through SSM](./exercise/aws-compute/ec2-port-forwarding-with-ssm-01/ec2-port-forwarding-with-ssm.md)

### AWS Storage Services
1. [AWS S3 - (pseudo) mount S3 to EC2](./exercise/aws-storage/s3-mount-point-01/s3-mount-point-01.md)
1. [AWS S3 - S3 Delete Objects from versioned enabled Bucket](./exercise/aws-storage/s3-delete-versioned-objects-01/s3-delete-versioned-objects-01.md)
1. [AWS S3 - Establish Cross Account Access](./exercise/aws-storage/s3-cross-account-access-01/s3-cross-account-access-01.md)
1. [AWS S3 - Lifecycle Policy - Delete Objects Automatically After 90 Days](./exercise/aws-storage/s3-delete-versioned-objects-01/s3-delete-versioned-objects-01.md)
1. [AWS EFS - Mount EFS from a Different VPC (same Region)](./exercise/aws-storage/efs-mount-from-different-vpc-01/efs-mount-from-different-vpc-01.md)
1. [AWS EFS - Secure AWS EFS Filesystems](./exercise/aws-storage/efs-security-in-depth-01/efs-security-in-depth-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 EBS - Encrypt unencrypted Volumes of EC2 Instance](./exercise/aws-storage/ebs-encrypt-volumes-01/ebs-encrypt-volumes-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 EBS - Enforce EBS Volume Encryption on EC2 Instance Creation and on Volume Creation](./exercise/aws-storage/ebs-enforce-encryption-01/ebs-enforce-encryption-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 EBS - Enable Default Encryption in the Region](./exercise/aws-storage/ebs-enable-default-encryption-01/ebs-enable-default-encryption-01.md)
1. [AWS EC2 EBS - Increase the storage size of an EBS Volume (root volume)](./exercise/aws-storage/ebs-increase-volume-size-01/ebs-increase-volume-size-01.md)

### AWS Networking
1. [AWS VPC - Create a Fully Featured VPC (step-by-step)](./exercise/aws-networking/vpc-step-by-step-01/vpc-step-by-step.md)
1. [AWS VPC - Transit Gateway - Establish centralized outbound routing to the Internet](./exercise/aws-networking/transit-gateway-outbound-01/transit-gateway-outbound-01.md)
1. [AWS Client VPN - Setting Up Client VPN with Mutual Authentication](./exercise/aws-networking/client-vpn-01/client-vpn-01.md)
1. [AWS VPC - Peer VPC Inner and Cross Region](./exercise/aws-networking/vpc-peering-01/vpc-peering-01.md)
1. [AWS VPC - Enable VPC Flow Logs and Publish to CloudWatch](./exercise/aws-networking/vpc-flow-log-01/vpc-flow-log-01.md)

### AWS Databases
1. [AWS RDS - Use Encryption in Transit (PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-postgres-encryption-in-transit/rds-postgres-encryption-in-transit.md)
1. [AWS RDS - Use IAM Authentication (PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-postgres-iam-authentication-01/rds-postgres-iam-authentication-01.md)
1. [AWS RDS - Modifying Instance Type (with near to Zero Downtime)(PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-modify-instance-type-and-storage-size-01/rds-modify-instance-type-and-storage-size-01.md)
1. [AWS RDS - Encrypt unencrypted RDS Instance (PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-encrypt-unencrypted-database-instance-01/rds-encrypt-unencrypted-database-instance-01.md)
1. [AWS RDS - Working with Parameter Groups (PostgreSQL)](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-working-with-parameter-groups-01/rds-working-with-parameter-groups-01.md)
1. [AWS RDS - PostgreSQL - Logging and Audit with pgaudit extension and CloudWatch](./exercise/aws-databases/rds-postgres-logs-pgaudit-01/rds-postgres-logs-pgaudit-01.md)

### AWS Backup Services
1. [AWS Backup - RDS Cross Region Backup with PITR](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-rds-cross-region-backup-01/backup-rds-cross-region-backup-01.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Create a crash-consistent backup from AWS EC2 with multiple Volumes attached](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-ec2-multi-volume-crash-consistent-backups/backup-ec2-multi-volume-crash-consistent-backups.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Backup S3 objects cross region with replication](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-s3-cross-region-replication-01/backup-s3-cross-region-replication-01.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Backup EFS Cross Region using Replication](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-efs-cross-region-replication-01/backup-efs-cross-region-replication-01.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Backup EC2 Cross Region with AWS Backup](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-ec2-cross-region-copy-01/backup-ec2-cross-region-copy.md)
1. [AWS Backup - Schedule backups and use Backup Plans](./exercise/aws-backups/backup-scheduled-backups-backup-plans-01/backup-scheduled-backups-backup-plans.md)

### AWS Container Services
1. [AWS ECR - Create a Private Repository](./exercise/aws-containers/ecr-create-private-repository-01/ecr-create-private-repository-01.md)
1. [AWS ECR - Apply Image Scanning and Enable Scan on Push](./exercise/aws-containers/ecr-image-scanning-scan-on-push-01/ecr-image-scanning-scan-on-push-01.md)
1. [AWS ECR - Set up Pull Through Cache](./exercise/aws-containers/ecr-pull-through-cache-01/ecr-pull-through-cache-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - Set up Private Registry Authentication for Tasks](./exercise/aws-containers/ecs-private-registry-authentication-01/ecs-private-registry-authentication-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - EC2 Cluster Enable Elastic Network Interface Trunking](./exercise/aws-containers/ecs-enable-trunking-01/ecs-enable-trunking-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - Create a Cluster with the ECS Console Wizard](./exercise/aws-containers/ecs-cluster-autoscaling-capacity-provider-with-wizard-01/ecs-cluster-autoscaling-capacity-provider-with-wizard-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - Create a Cluster from scratch with EC2 Autoscaling Capacity Provider](./exercise/aws-containers/ecs-cluster-autoscaling-capacity-provider-from-scratch-01/ecs-cluster-autoscaling-capacity-provider-from-scratch-01.md)
1. [AWS ECS - Create a Fargate Workload](./exercise//aws-containers/ecs-fargate-workload-01/ecs-fargate-workload-01.md)

### AWS Security Services
1. [AWS WAF - Set up IP Whitelisting with WAF](./exercise/aws-security/waf-ip-whitelisting-01/waf-ip-whitelisting-01.md)
1. [AWS IAM - Preventing Privilige Escalation with Permission Boundaries](./exercise/aws-security/iam-permission-boundaries-01/iam-permission-boundaries-01.md)
1. [AWS Inspector - Scanning EC2 Images for vulnerability detection](./exercise/aws-security/inspector-scanning-ec2-01/inspector-scanning-ec2-01.md)
1. [AWS VPC Subnet Network Access Control List - For Web Application Serving EC2 Instance](./exercise/aws-security/nacl-for-webapplication-01/nacl-for-webapplication-01.md)
1. [AWS GuardDuty - Single Region and Foundational Data Sources](./exercise/aws-security/guardduty-single-region-foundational-01/guardduty-single-region-foundational-01.md)
1. [AWS GuardDuty - Enable Multi Region Findings (AWS  Security Hub)](./exercise/aws-security/guardduty-multi-region-findings-01/guardduty-multi-region-findings-01.md)
1. [AWS GuardDuty - Enable ECS Fargate Runtime Monitoring](./exercise/aws-security/guardduty-ecs-runtime-monitoring-01/guardduty-ecs-runtime-monitoring-01.md)

### AWS Audit and Compliance Services
1. [AWS CloudTrail - Create Multi Region Trail and Single Region Trail](./exercise/aws-audit/cloudtrail-single-and-multi-region-trails-01/cloudtrail-single-and-multi-region-trails-01.md)
1. [AWS Config - Deploy and Use Conformance Packs](./exercise/aws-audit/config-use-conformance-packs-01/config-use-conformance-packs-01.md)

### AWS Observability
1. [AWS Budgets - Monitor Cloud Spendings](./exercise/aws-observability/budgets-monitoring-spending-01/budgets-monitoring-spending-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Pulbish Metrics and Logs using CloudWatch Agent](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-agent-01/cloudwatch-agent-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Send Alarms to Slack Channel](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-alarms-to-slack-01/cloudwatch-alarms-to-slack-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Create a Composite Alarm](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-composite-alarms-01/cloudwatch-composite-alarms-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Enable and Use Container Insights](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-container-insights-01/cloudwatch-container-insights-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudWatch - Use Syntetics Monitoring for Website Monitoring](./exercise/aws-observability/cloudwatch-syntetics-monitoring-01/cloudwatch-syntetics-monitoring-01.md)

### AWS IaC Services
1. [AWS CloudFormation - Use SAM CLI](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-samcli-01/cloudformation-samcli-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudFormation - Create Nested Stacks](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-nested-stacks-01/cloudformation-nested-stacks-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudFormation Guard - Use cfn-guard CLI](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-cfn-guard-01/cloudformation-cfn-guard-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudFormation - Take Advantage of Deletion Policy attribute](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-deletion-policy-01/cloudformation-deletion-policy-01.md)
1. [AWS CloudFormation - Deploy with Git Sync](./exercise/aws-iac/cloudformation-git-sync-01/cloudformation-git-sync.md)

### AWS Lightsail
1. [AWS Lightsail - Deploy a Web-Application to AWS Lightsail Platform](./exercise/aws-lightsail/aws-lightsail-01/aws-lightsail-01.md)

### AWS Hosting
1. [AWS EC2 - Host Python/Flask Application as a Service - __SOLUTION ON YOUTUBE__](./exercise/aws-hosting/flask-on-ec2-01/flask-on-ec2-01.md)
1. [AWS AppRunner - Host Python/Flask Application as a Service based on source code in GitHub- __SOLUTION ON YOUTUBE__](./exercise/aws-hosting/flask-on-apprunner-01.md/flask-on-apprunner-01.md)
